
         *Noc@advantagesb.com
        Password- 4mPZJcl^X@XB     

       4mPZJcl^X@XB
      

       Adv$2435%

       Adv$2435%
Mention sites was not down due to Link issue site was down due to MVS issue and stopped by backend (SBI) , relevant mail already shared with bank and same informed CHM.

https://webmail.advantagesb.com/cpsess9907556490/3rdparty/roundcube/?_task=mail&_mbox=INBOX

There is no Link issue at site Link is Up. There is MVS issue at site please is that to you inform and check the MVS checker team.

There is no Link issue at site Link is Up. There is No communication issue from ATM Machine at site please is that to you inform and check the Machine Engineer.

   Kindly check and do needful to make ATM Operational as all these sites are VIP site

Our technical team will work on the reported issue to ensure a speedy resolution.

We will keep you posted on the progress of this Case through timely updates. You can also use


Greetings from NOC..!!

we check with concern team and update soon..

Thank you for connecting Railtel Team.



1)   Its been more than 15 hours still we have not got update on this site. So kindly request  you to update current status

 2)     The Modem snaps which you have sent does not belongs to Railtel. 

3)    The site is offline and complaint has already been registered so please send the FLM and share the ETA. 

4)   As discussed engineer will reach in half an hour at the site.

5)   This site is yet not migrated on railtel network.

6)   There is MVS Issue.      Find the attached snap of the Link there is no issue with the Link its working fine.

 7)  The subject ATM site is not yet migrated on our RailTel Network.

      Kindly take a note.
8)  I think I need to remained you that we had discussed on call regarding the subject site that engineer is working on the site and as soon as work is complete the link will be restored. 
   
   Link is up at site. ATM also working.   Check and Confirm from your end.

9)     There is no link issue at site link is up.

the site could not jenerate in Clarify 

Please find the attached snap.

ATM S1NW001176231 Link is up at site ATM also working fine.

ATM S1NW001176230 There is 4G network link is up but not connected to the ATM machine due to MVS issue at site.


Already the call is logged please arrange the FLM on site.

Find below the Ticket Number for the subject site.


Mentioned site came up in NMS. ATM was switched off by bank because of van was under maintenance.

Please ignore  above remark FLM dispatched sub site

router faulty -  Rourter has been replaced and ATM is back online. Issue resolved.


ATM shut Down - Shifting has been done ATM is back online. Issue resolved. 

The subjected site is not on our Railtel Network. Please check from your end.

This is to inform you that, Link is up and router is working fine.

Please find attached snap and arrange FLM visit to rectify exact issue.

Site is having MVS issue kindly take up with concern team.

This is to inform you that, We have observe that LAN cable is connected to LAN 2 where it suppose to connect on LAN 1.

Kindly align FLM for subjected site and ask him to do needful.

 van driver not unavailabal- power failuer

Back room key not available (

Router Eng working on site.

As confirm with channel manager , Its mobile van machine and they keep machine off from 9 PM to 9 AM .we will be not responsible for downtime


ATM is down, due to power failure at site.


This is to bring you in notice that , we have observed due to site renovation machine was kept off.

Note : Railtel will not be responsible for any kind of penalty for downtime of ATM machine.

Spoken with LHO he told work is in progress at the site.

the subjected site is still down due to electrical issue at site


 There is no confirmation form AGS MS wender.

Note : We Will Not Responsible For Down time & Penalty.

Due to short circuit at site ATM is offline.

Please ignore previous mail

We will update resolution reason shortly.

 1)harware issue - power issue move
 2)maintenance- power issue move

This ATM ID S1BB000005002 dose not belong to Railtel Network.


The attached router is not belongs to us. Though We have checked our network and verified that its stable. PFA snaps

Subjected ATM ID S1NW000094008 has got change and new ATM id is S5NE000016621, machine is down as lobby kept temporary shut down. we are closing the call on old ATM Id as new ticket generated on new ATM ID kindly refer ticket Number J2024061913321.

The subject site due to power issue . Because Electricity bill not payment from 2 years. confirmed by LHO

Mention sites was not down due to Link issue site was down due to MVS issue and stopped by backend (SBI) , relevant mail already shared with bank and same informed CHM.

To whom FLT was done and who has confirmed about power adaptor faulty?

